#summary This is the manual and how-to.

= Installation =

===dependencies (in Debian)===
This should get us going in DEBIAN (dependencies already installed in WEAKERTH4N LINUX and WarcarrierOS):

{{{ 
apt-get update
apt-get install libcurses-perl libjson-xs-perl 
apt-get install libpcap-dev iw build-essential sqlite3-dev
mkdir /tmp/aircrack && cd /tmp/aircrack
svn co http://trac.aircrack-ng.org/svn/trunk/ new
cd new
make && make install
}}}

===Starting her up===

Just make sure the terminal is wide enough:

{{{
svn co https://warcarrier.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ warcarrier
cd warcarrier
airmon-ng start wlan0 # should make mon0 - change wlan0 to your device
./warcarrier -d mon0 - outputfile
}}}

You can also do {{{ ./wcstartup.sh }}}

===House Cleaning +++important===

If the Application stops for no apparent reason - this is the result of Curses::UI, the daemons won't runaway! They will be reconnected to Warcarrier upon restart. If you restart warcarrier, it will not spwan a second process for Airodump-NG, Bluetooth, or GPS. It uses the environment (ps aux) to check if they are already running - please ignore the second "Please wait..." status message that will display, this is just the application checking for dependencies.<br /><br />If, however, you do not want to restart Warcarrier after a crash, you should use the Warcarrier cleanup utility {{{ wcclean }}}

This utility takes the argument (all|logs|sys|proc)
 * *all* - stops ALL runaway processes and removes ALL logs
 * *logs* - removes all logs and pcap files
 * *sys* - removes all system buffer files created during use
 * *proc* - stops ALL processes used or not used but shared by Warcarrier

= Keyboard Commands =

  * "*s*" for snapshot.
  * "*g*" to reset graph.
  * "*q*" OR "CTRL+C" to quit.
  * "*i*" extra satellite info.
  * "*c*" Catchme-NG! functionality
  * "*u*" Ubertooth Spectrum Analyzer
  * "*x*" exit spectrum analyzer
  * "*r*" Begin/End "Recording" of Bluetooth Spectrum

  * *DEPRECATED*
  * ~~"*b*" add Bluetooth device at any time~~
  * ~~"*h*" for help.~~

= Logging =
All logs will be kept in the {{{ logs/ }}} directory. When Warcarrier finds an AP via Catchme-NG there will be a text log in {{{./logs/txt }}} When Warcarrier asks to "log your adventure", it will be a log in {{{ ./logs/html}}} as an HTML file with the Google Map. ./logs/capfiles are the packet capture files from Airodump-NG and ./logs/bluetooth are the capture files from the Ubertooth device.

=Files=
  * *wcstartup.sh* - Autostart script for WarcarrierOS and Weakerth4n Linux - This script will start warcarrier with {{{ -d mon0 -f file }}}
  * *wcd* - the Warcarrier GPS|Bluetooth|WiFi daemon.
  * *wcclean* - House cleaning application - run with arguments listed above in *Installation* section
  * *wbt_pi* - the Ubertooth daemon. This writes to the file ubt.out
  * *warcarrier* - our application
  * *README* - some lame excuse for a README
  * *./logs* - logs directory
  * *./lib* - my OO Perl modules
  * *./includes* - files included for imagery, sorcery, and other